Set up pages for application security for python (#30029)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/app_and_api_protection_python_overview.md

{{ $showSetup := .Get "showSetup" | default "true" | eq "true" }}

## Overview

> App and API Protection works by leveraging the [Datadog Python library](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-py/) to monitor and secure your Python service. The library integrates seamlessly with your existing application without requiring code changes.

Author: ```suggestion
App and API Protection leverages the [Datadog Python library](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-py/) to monitor and secure your Python service. The library integrates seamlessly with your existing application without requiring code changes.
```
